{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I had troubles with syncing the charts. There were numerous times where only two of the three charts would sync. In my final version as well all charts are not perfectly synced. The top two charts are synced, but the third is idle. When you move the cursor around the third chart though all 3 charts are synced. \
I also had trouble creating the pie chart. Since we only wanted the generated data in the pie chart, it was difficult to manipulate my data to remove the loads. Further, I also had a tough time creating a toggle for the bar and pie charts. Hence I decided to just display the bar chart below all the others. \
When I move data on any of the generated, price or temperature chart the screen goes to the top of the page meaning that we can\'92t see the bar chart. \
My main problem with this assignment was figuring out how to use highcharts and css. This was the first time I was using css and had a tough time figuring it out. \
\
Cite:\
Zinc charts discussion slides
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/highcharts/highcharts/tree/master/samples/highcharts/demo/synchronized-charts/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ulc2 https://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/highcharts/highcharts/tree/master/samples/highcharts/demo/synchronized-charts/}}\
\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}